EDA Questions

Features:

#Description
Category
#Entrepreneurs
Location
Website
Website length
Shark1
Shark2
Shark3
Shark4
Shark5
Sharks
Shark Group
#Title
#Episode-Season
Episode
Season
Asked For (b)
Stake In Company (b)
Valuation (b)
Multiple Entrepreneurs

Deal (Target features)

Target correlations:

Category - website, location, season, asked for
Location - website, shark group, season, valuation
Website - website length, shark group, season, asked for
Website length - season, multiple entrepreneurs, stake, valuation
Sharks/Shark Group - season, multiple, stake, value
Episode - asked for, value, stake, multiple
Season - same
Asked for - stake, value, multiple
Stake - value, multiple
Value - multiple

General questions:

What was the trend in valuation, stake, and asked for as seasons progressed?
How many entrepreneurs appeared more than once?
What was the breakdown of which sharks appeared most often and which groups appeeared most often?
Did the season length have any effect on things like average stake, valuation, and asked for?
What was the average of stake, valuation and asked for across every season and total?
What was the min and max of stake, valuation and asked for across every season and total?
What was the average valuation and stake asked for by category?
If there was a guest shark, did that increase the chances of getting a deal or asked for, stake, and valuation?
What was the probability of getting a deal based on the pressence of each shark?
What were the most common locations?
Do some locations have a higher percentage of sharks in certain categories?
Are some locations likely to have higher amounts asked for, valuation, and stake?
What was the trend of most common shark groups over the years?

Feature correlations:

Category - location, website, shark group, valuation
Location - website, multiple, valuation, stake
Shark group - asked for, stake, valuation, season
Season - asked for, value, stake, multiple
Asked for - stake, valuation
Stake - valuation